README.md, before:

Linux Build environment for Trials in Tainted Space.

Updated in 2018 for a little more portability and flexibility.

This might work in Cygwin/MSYS (MinGW), but this has not been tested in over
a year and a half. The last time it did work, I had to make minor manual tweaks
to some files, such as the XML files generated by `configure.sh`. Feel free to
ask if you are trying this.

It has not been tested at all in OS X, but I am fairly confident it will
work if set up correctly.

## Dependencies
Needs FlashDevelop-plus-fl-libs-flex-AIR.7z, which I have uploaded separately
due to space constraints. This contains the Flex and AIR SDK files needed to
build the game. Unpack it into the root of the repository.

[FlashDevelop-plus-fl-libs-flex-AIR.7z](https://mega.nz/#!bgY20bRD!6lEiUof-GS-Jkkhv3DGbSuHoc2OhvZjVqknpe7K2N0w) (351.5 MB)

Also needs [swftools](http://www.swftools.org/about.html). This might be in
your package manager. Specifically, we need the 'swfcombine' tool from it.

Alternatively, one can use FlashDevelop to download the Flex and AIR SDK files
and merge them together. If you do this, you will get a later version of the
AIR SDK, so you will have to locate the instances of `flexairsdk/4.6.0+18.0.0`
in the `buildDesktopSWF.sh` and `buildAIRSWF.sh` scripts and edit them
accordingly. I don't know what else might break, so I don't really recommend
this approach.

Additionally, I'd advise against trying to use the Apache Flex SDK, and instead
recommend using the last version of Adobe's. I wish I could advise using
Apache's, since it's open source, but I've never had any luck getting the game
to build with it. It's been a while since I tried, though. Let me know if you
try and get it to work.

### Mobile building

Needs `zipalign` (or some minor editing of the scripts in `mobileapps/`) to
make the Android APK's 100% holy. There's a sort-of-working hack implementation
in a subdirectory, but I'd recommend installing the android SDK tools if you
want to do this. The game will work without `zipalign`, but it could be
marginally slower to start up. If `zipalign` is not found or fails, your APK
file names will end with `_unaligned.apk`.

Zipalign download links:

  [Linux](https://dl.google.com/android/repository/platform-tools-latest-linux.zip)

  [OS X](https://dl.google.com/android/repository/platform-tools-latest-darwin.zip)

  [Windows](https://dl.google.com/android/repository/platform-tools-latest-windows.zip)

Also needs a working wine installation, and an installation of a windows
implementation of the Java JDK in wine. (JDK, not JRE - we need jarsigner).

As currently implemented, you will have to provide the path to the Java
installation in the .bat files in the mobileapps/ directory.

You will also have to set the path to the Flex/AIR SDK windows programs in
these scripts. Examples are given in the scripts themselves.

## Building
To use (short, SHORT version):

### First run

The following commands are only needed before the first build of the game.
You may need to edit configure.sh with your path to your AIR/Flex combined SDK.

The other time you may have to run 'configure.sh' is if you move where your
environment is set up (i.e. this repository's in your home directory, and you
move it to `/home/user/sourcecode/`. This is because configure.sh dynamically
generates XML files which contain a handful complete paths to files.

    $ git submodule init
    $ git submodule update
    $ ./configure.sh

### First and all future runs

After running the above at least once, run the following to build the game:

    $ ./buildall.sh

Commit message:

Added somewhat better directions to the readme, Updated sourceTiTS submodule to latest

README.md, after:

Linux Build environment for Trials in Tainted Space.

Updated in 2018 for a little more portability and flexibility.

This might work in Cygwin/MSYS (MinGW), but this has not been tested in over
a year and a half. The last time it did work, I had to make minor manual tweaks
to some files, such as the XML files generated by `configure.sh`. Feel free to
ask if you are trying this.

It has not been tested at all in OS X, but I am fairly confident it will
work if set up correctly.

## Dependencies
Needs FlashDevelop-plus-fl-libs-flex-AIR.7z, which I have uploaded separately
due to space constraints. This contains the Flex and AIR SDK files needed to
build the game. Unpack it into the root of the repository.

[FlashDevelop-plus-fl-libs-flex-AIR.7z](https://mega.nz/#!bgY20bRD!6lEiUof-GS-Jkkhv3DGbSuHoc2OhvZjVqknpe7K2N0w) (351.5 MB)

Also needs [swftools](http://www.swftools.org/about.html). This might be in
your package manager. Specifically, we need the 'swfcombine' tool from it.

Alternatively, one can use FlashDevelop to download the Flex and AIR SDK files
and merge them together. If you do this, you will get a later version of the
AIR SDK, so you will have to locate the instances of `flexairsdk/4.6.0+18.0.0`
in the `buildDesktopSWF.sh` and `buildAIRSWF.sh` scripts and edit them
accordingly. I don't know what else might break, so I don't really recommend
this approach.

Additionally, I'd advise against trying to use the Apache Flex SDK, and instead
recommend using the last version of Adobe's. I wish I could advise using
Apache's, since it's open source, but I've never had any luck getting the game
to build with it. It's been a while since I tried, though. Let me know if you
try and get it to work.

### Mobile building

Needs `zipalign` (or some minor editing of the scripts in `mobileapps/`) to
make the Android APK's 100% holy. There's a sort-of-working hack implementation
in a subdirectory, but I'd recommend installing the android SDK tools if you
want to do this. The game will work without `zipalign`, but it could be
marginally slower to start up. If `zipalign` is not found or fails, your APK
file names will end with `_unaligned.apk`.

Zipalign download links:

  [Linux](https://dl.google.com/android/repository/platform-tools-latest-linux.zip)

  [OS X](https://dl.google.com/android/repository/platform-tools-latest-darwin.zip)

  [Windows](https://dl.google.com/android/repository/platform-tools-latest-windows.zip)

Also needs a working wine installation, and an installation of a windows
implementation of the Java JDK in wine. (JDK, not JRE - we need jarsigner).

As currently implemented, you will have to provide the path to the Java
installation in the .bat files in the mobileapps/ directory.

You will also have to set the path to the Flex/AIR SDK windows programs in
these scripts. Examples are given in the scripts themselves.

## Building
To use (short, SHORT version):

### First run

The following commands are only needed before the first build of the game.
You may need to edit configure.sh with your path to your AIR/Flex combined SDK.

The other time you may have to run 'configure.sh' is if you move where your
environment is set up (i.e. this repository's in your home directory, and you
move it to `/home/user/sourcecode/`. This is because configure.sh dynamically
generates XML files which contain a handful complete paths to files.

    $ git submodule init
    $ git submodule update

To update the source code submodule to the latest revision:

    $ cd sourceTiTS
    $ git pull
    $ cd ../

Finally, set up the XML configuration files (which tell `adt`, adobe's build
tool, what it needs to do to compile the code):

    $ ./configure.sh

### First and all future runs

After running the above at least once, run the following to build the game:

    $ ./buildall.sh
